This program has been a project of mine for quite a while. There's a billion password managers out there, a ton of cipher algorithms, but I just wanted to take a crack at writing code for one of my own just for practice. It also gave me the opportunity to study more about cryptography, and learn how to design and describe a cipher in proper terms. I also made sure it used cascaded encryption so that I did not have to rely on the strength of my own cipher design.

Packaging it as I have was mostly used for the experience of learning how to use autotools, and to practice thoroughly documenting a piece of software throughout development. Mostly the intent in sharing it would be to learn from others about what mistakes I've made and what I could do better. I have little illusion that there is practical reason for anyone to adopt this password manager over much more tried and true options, and I don't ecourage it. I use it myself simply because its my own creation, and for that reason I've endured to make it as securely functioning as I can as if it were to be used/developed by others.

One major coding challenge for me has been to design the program to work solely in memory, instead of temporary files. I used that shortcoming as rationale to leave my steam cipher in the program (to encrypt the temp files), so I would also have an excuse for describing and specifying it. Ultimately, aside from the learning opportunity that provided, a long-term goal may be to remove the stream cipher from the program and have it operate solely in memory, and with only provenly strong encryption algorithms.

However, since the program uses cascaded encryption (cascaded stream ciphers) to further encrypt my stream cipher using OpenSSL's crypto libraries, the program is in a mature enough point of development that it is fully functioning and secure enough for actual use. It seemed like a reasonable starting point to let other eyes see it.
